# Standard Frontend Project


    project-folder 
	  js
	    custom
	    vendor
	    custom.min.js (minified custom scripts)
	    vendor.min.js (minified vendor scripts)
	  css
	    main.css (generated css)
	    print.css (generated css)
	  font
	  images
	    sprites
	    bg
	      content
	      layout
	  scss
	    custom
	      _normalize.scss
	      _base.scss
	      _config.scss
	      _contents.scss
	      _ie.scss
	      _mixins.scss
	      _partials.scss
	      _patterns.scss
	      _sprites.scss
	      _widgets.scss
	      _media.scss
	    vendor
	    main.scss
	    print.scss


### javascript
#### custom
contains the own javascript. It's possible to create a own file for each section.

#### vendor
contains plugins and libraries

**Using a build process both files are minified**

### CSS
Contains the CSS generated by Compass

### Font
Contains all used webfonts of the project

### Images

#### sprites
For example: Icons - compass generate a Spritefile. It's possible to create a own folder for each Sprite.

#### bg

##### content
Images of the Contentarea. Maybe contains subfolder like for each section of the project.
    
##### layout


### SCSS

#### custom

##### _normalize.scss
CSS Reset

##### _base.scss
Is the backbone of the stylesheet where well proven libraries like Compass, 978 Grid System are included.

##### _config.scss
Contains all the project related configuration variables - definition of fonts, grid size, site dimensions and size levels for space, border, rounded corners and shadows.

##### _contents.scss
Is used for content elements, each element has it's own scss file. The file names are identical to the HTML template and/or the template of a CMS like TYPO3 or WordPress.

##### _ie.scss
Special styles for the lovely Internet Explorer. Contains all Internet Explorer Versions. Conditionals comments are included in the HTML file.
         
    .ie8 {
	 .class {
	     background: red;
	  }
    }

##### _mixins.scss
Defines helper functions, which can be used in all scss files by @include mixin-title(mixin-parameters);.

##### _partials.scss
Contains the site parts - global styles, header, footer and the main content area.

##### _patterns.scss
Are bootstrap elements like headings, buttons and form elements that can either be integrated in the HTML template or selector inheritance in SCSS by @extend .pattern-style;.

##### _sprites.scss
Sprite generated by compass

##### _widgets.scss
Contains the interactive elements of the project.

##### _media.scss
includes media queries for screen, tablet and mobile devices. 
In a seperate folder named "modules" are for each resolution further folders. In these folders you have to save the SCSS files for each resolution.


#### vendor
contains external libraries. Its possible to create folders for each librarie


#### main.scss
Includes all SCSS files and create a CSS file

#### print.scss
Specific styles for the printversion of the project